[Music]
What a shame.  Well, the loser, the
loser, the loser,
family.  The loser still doesn't want to give
his opinion, okay?  and give her defense of the
cancer invented by Lolly Huerta, and
now it turns out that Lolly says no, that it
's not true, that there was no cancer and Peppa
Beltrán also says that there was no cancer,
that they were
making it all up to throw garbage at us,
right?  And here they are with the chi issue, that
is, this one goes with his thing, with whatever
has to do with the heiteo and with the
gang of the gang of harassing Javi
Oliveira and that whole thing.  That's the
topic that interests you.  I mean, look at
the people who follow the
loser, what the hell do they care about
Chi?  Know?  The one from Troy, a great one,
right?  No, a big one, a big one.  To
promote your channel, Evin, if you don't do
live on your channel.  The Sevillian,
that must be the Sevillian who has me
screwed.  They're saying that if Loli has
admitted that she doesn't have any
illness, why aren't you saying
anything?  Yeah.  That's what I say, that's what I say every day,
about Troy, if you said you saw
the staples, why are you now
admitting Loli herself that no,
no, there was no cancer?  So
you haven't been able to see any staples.
If you came out and said there were staples and
that Loli was being crushed
taking advantage of the fact that she had cancer, how come we
were actually right now and she doesn't
have it?  and you even made it up.
Do you want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content on your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney Plus,
CyberGhost, or VPN?  And I don't know if you
know this, but there is content that is
n't available in your country.  And with this
little trick you can access all the
content, wherever you are.  I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension you add to your internet
that masks your IP.  And aside from
browsing completely safely and anonymously,
so no one can tell who you are or
where you are, it also lets you access
certain content that's blocked
in your country.  There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, in media,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that doesn't
allow you to.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data.
Ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get up to 83%
off using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click the link in the description and
take advantage of this super Cyberghost VPN offer
to browse completely freely and
securely.  We continue with the video.  Let's see.
Hello.  Hello.  Do you know what joint
these people have smoked?  Oh, okay, we haven't
smoked a joint.  Okay, okay, okay.  We
smoked a joint, huh?  We're not
hearing Loli Huerta saying that
Peppa did know, that it was a lie.  To
Peppa saying that she didn't know, that she
believed it, but that it is a lie.
Nothing, nothing, nothing.  We smoked a
joint.  We smoked a joint.  At
what point in these
last few days of the week did Loli Huerta
admit that she was not ill?  In
all, in all.  Ar of Troy.  It's the topic
of the week, okay?  That is, this is the topic
that interests your Trojan chat, it's not
chi.  I mean, put myself further back.  Do you know what I
want to tell you?  It's ah, putting myself further
back.  Yes, that's always the
same.  Ah, I don't want to answer.  Yes.
Loli said she has nothing.  Loli
says she doesn't have any illness.
Loli, you said, "It's because you
leaked the audio. I'm going to [ __ ] up a
bit, go on. I'm going to [ __ ] up a bit,
that shit's already been done, it's already very
busy. I'm moving on, man.
Creating another type of content. Look,
now we're with Franco. You're not
interested in the guys' interview. It
leaves everyone looking like [ __ ], right? Yeah, yeah.
We're only interested in what
's against our Trojan. Yeah, yeah. The
cancer thing isn't important. Don't
talk to me about
Loli's cancer. We want that [ __ ]. We
only want to talk about [ __ ]. Yeah, yeah. I'm sure
the people you have there in your
chat are very interested. Page,
man. Creating another type of content.
Look, now we're with Franco.
Ah, that ah, he's creating another type of
content. Don't
ask him about the staple, okay? Don't
ask him about the staple, he creates
another type of content. The other guy  of
content. Javi Oliveira, Javi
Oliveira, Javi Oliveira and everything
related to Javi Oliveira.  Go on,
go take a little [ __ ], that
[ __ ] is already very busy and that is
busy.  That one doesn't interest me.  I mean, we've been
defending it for two years, a
cancer that didn't exist, right?  They
caught me on tape saying,
"I know cancer doesn't exist, but I
'm defending her because she's my friend."
Okay, you started making a fool of yourself
by saying you were going to the guard.  civil to
file a complaint against everyone who
played your audio.  And now,
finally, the protagonists of the
story admit that your friend made up
cancer and I'm not interested.  Fran,
what do Fran and Javi say about Fran?  What does it
say?  Turning the page, man.  Creating
other types of content.  Look, we're
with Fran Cuesta.  Oh, what a
varied content.  What kind of content do you create,
huh?  Oh, oh, oh.  You are not interested in the
Chios interview, it leaves everyone looking like
[ __ ].  No, I'm
not interested in people talking about that
interview because the
truth is we look so bad that I'm not
interested in talking about it, honestly.  Well,
see if I'm interested in Detro, this
is the miniature.  I had set that as a
goal, man.  I had set it as a
goal.  But anyway, see if I'm
interested or not, this is the
thumbnail for today's video.  Don't
miss it.  Don't miss it.  React to it
too, okay?  React to it too.
This is today's thumbnail,
okay?  interested.
Well, there's Toñilo.  Come here,
dude.  My goodness.  My goodness.
Much hype.  I would say
none, huh?  Why don't you interview
Lolle?  Let him tell his story and bury
this topic because I would say
no one, eh, why don't you interview him,
tell his story and bury this topic
because I'm already tired of the
joke about Pepé.  That topic, the topic he can't
get enough of, is the Javi topic, you
know?  I mean, Javi, [ __ ] on
Javi, on his acne, okay?  Yes, there is some
insult out there about acne, okay?  Those
topics yes, but the loli topic doesn't
interest him anymore.  The topic is already very tired of
those topics.  I'm tired of this topic, and
no matter what they say or do, it doesn't
matter because they distort it, they twist it
around, the truth is that we're
twisting it around, we distort it, you know?   That
is, we have to see that
we distorted things.  They come to mess things up, they interpret
things as the holy of holies gives them
.  Yes, yes, you've been saying for two years
that Lolly had cancer, we'll interpret it
as it is in Spanish to the Trojan.  Lolly
has cancer.  You had seen the
staples, I mean, why did you go along with
a woman who didn't have cancer and
was being crushed by having
cancer if you knew she didn't?  How disgusting, right?
Well, coming from you, he feels he has no
shame at all.  And I pass, I pass.
If they want metastasis, it's
cancer, obviously.  Yes, Mrs. Liana, but
let's see, if you have
breast cancer, you cure it and then the
metastasis develops
elsewhere in your body, it's still
breast cancer.  As?  Any doctors in
the room?  How exactly?  Salomé
tells me, Salomé, when that theme was
used to give you all for all,
to give you all sides, that theme did not
tire her.  Man, we'll see,
we'll see, Salomé, I have
the tweets you posted open here.  That if I get
cancer in another part of my body, it is still
breast cancer.  That's
right.  That is, if your
lung cancer metastasizes to your
stomach, it is still
lung cancer or it would be
stomach cancer that has metastasized.  No, I don't
know.  Don't know.  Come on, let's see, cancer
is cancer.  The thing is, it depends on the
area that affects you, right?  And gravity,
even if it comes out on the sole of your foot,
as I said.  That is, if you get
cancer on the sole of your foot due to
metastasis from the breast, it is still
breast cancer.  And if you don't believe it, you
just have to Google a
little, go to
specialized cancer websites, ask
a family member, or ask your
family doctor, and stop bothering yourself
.  It wasn't lung cancer, it
was still breast cancer, it was a
metastatic stain.  Uh, not a stain.
Benign tumors do not
metastasize; they cannot spread.  If
Loli had a spot removed that wasn't
malignant, it's not a Trojan metastasis.
Come on, I don't think he even had the
chest, we've already talked about that, okay?
But benign tumors don't
metastasize, since they can't spread
to other parts of the body, right?  A
venomous tumor is simply an
abnormal growth of cells that is not
cancerous, okay?  That is, it wouldn't be
cancer.  Hey, Loli didn't have cancer, what
they found was a little spot and they
removed it.  to analyze it and because I had
relatives who had had it.
Let's listen to the specialist, the charlatan.
Man, realize that this man
says he removes a piece of your lung
when you have chest surgery and that later
in the afternoon you dance with a dove
and the ristut of pain.  More explanations,
right?  If I don't have any further
explanations, but if they want to
keep stirring up [ __ ] from two
years ago, then let them.  Bad. Ah, that
's the [ __ ] from 2 years ago.
My sentences when I insulted the
hippies who deserved it in six.  That's
right, right?  That's very current, isn't it?  To the one
from Troy.  Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
, okay, okay, okay, okay.  Sorry,
sorry, the topic is not current,
family.  This topic is not current
, family.  Hmm.  To the one who is dedicated.  It
looks like he's lost his ball of thread.  There
are no more threads to weave.  That's
quite a lot. Okay.  Doubt is vital there.  Loli
never had lung cancer.  She had a
tiny metastasis, they cleaned it up
and that was it, since she had
suffered from breast cancer years ago.
Therein lies the vital doubt.  Loli never
had lung cancer, she had a
tiny metastasis, they cleaned it up
and that was it, since she had
suffered from breast cancer
years ago.  There it is.  Forever.
What you told me made sense to me.  Forever.  I'll
keep it.  A stain of metastasis.  A
stain of metastasis.  Either it was evil or it was not
evil.  And these people said the
other day and have been saying for the last few
weeks that they are not.  Peppa says
that Loli made it up and the
other one said that it wasn't something
evil.  So what the [ __ ] did he
have?  And since it's a metastasis of
breast cancer, it's still breast cancer,
even if it's just a spot on the lung, but it
doesn't go into the head.  Yes, yes, but he did
n't have it.  But he didn't have
any from Troy.  That none of
Troy had.  It doesn't matter if the head is involved
because Loli said she no longer has
lung cancer.  How can it be
lung cancer if it's still
breast cancer?  I found them.  Let's see, Lili tells me
, "Good time to remember your
leaked audio."  Another thing that is not true with
the sound.  This is the audio that was
leaked to Deya, uh, on her own live show.
Listen to what he said about Troy.  Another thing that is
not true with the sound.   He
already told us at the time that what the
flight was saying was true.  The one who
had cancer is Lolinasio's sister
.  she.  She told us at the time
that what the flight was saying
was true.  It
was Loli's sister who had cancer, not her.  And I've
been covering it up all this time so as
not to discover it and destroy it.  And I've
been covering it up all this time so as not to
discover it and have it destroyed.  Thanks
for posting this.  She's looking at the payment she
's giving.  And talking to the sister
and getting the audios was to shut
Jordi up and the flight, while
talking to the sister was to
shut Jordi up about the flight, but it
went wrong.  So what they did
was hide that part.  They don't talk about
Marina at all.  My Maria died of
Marina.  How annoying I am with
Marina.  Leave Marina alone.
Poor thing.  That Marina is not going to get
involved in the YouTube mess.  Marina is going to
deal with issues of the heart.  Leave her what they
are giving Marina now.  But for
nothing.  Come on.  How
annoying.  Come on, Dino.  Instead of lore lore
maku we should change it to loli, loli,
pepa, peppa.  Yes, yes, yes.  But ah, ah,
okay.  It's just that we are very monothematic.
Where Javi has been playing with
the word metastasis for a while, pretending to
confuse the word with biopsy and
now with tumor, but they are faking.
Man, we just heard that
self-critical audio.  A kiss.
Thank you very much, queen.  Man, well,
you're already listening to everything on the audio.  They
know perfectly well that they don't, but they
're covering it up, that's all.  But it's Peppa's fault
, Evin.  Peppa's fault.
Lolly Huertas never had cancer.  He
fooled us all.  Hello, Manola.  Garden.
Garden was going to say garden.  Hey, what's
the point of the other agreement now?  Say
Lolly never had
cancer.  I forgot everything I experienced
with her.  He doesn't give me money anymore.  She is not my
friend, my treasure.  And he does give it to you.  He's
giving it to you now.  And that's why you
're defending her,
right? But now I'm
uh will Peppa answer this or Javi, well
Peppa, okay?  Well, Peppa has
a live show scheduled called My
True Story with Javi Oliveira by
Peppa Beltrán.  Hey, Peppa, are you going to talk
about Javi?  Are you going to tell us your story
with Javi?  Well, well, we don't
know.  Thank goodness it was about time
she told her story with Javi, right?  Pepa,
your real story with Javi is that you
came here when you saw there were
YouTubers making money from this, okay?
You came close to sucking up to me as much as possible
.  We've put here all the
clips of how you were sucking up to me when
you created your channel all the time, that
you put on, we've seen this
so many times, that you got with my
community on Twitter to share your live
streams, my live streams, to be as if you
were part of this channel, you
know what I mean?  When we saw you in the
mess, you were
contacting people who donate,
okay?  Of those who donated heavily and you
were contacting them
via Instagram message, okay?  Loli,
with whom all this has happened.  We'll
kick you out, okay?  We kicked you out without making a
sound, come on, we kicked you out, I stopped
talking to you and bringing you in to
help out without any further ado, okay?  And you started
throwing it away, throwing it away, throwing it away from your
live show because I had to
collaborate with you, I
had to talk to you.  And here we've been
putting all the clips, okay?, just like
you were saying there.  Tell Javi, tell
Javi why he doesn't talk to me.
Nothing has happened to me with him.  Not to me,
Javi hasn't done anything to me, but I'd like to ask him
why he doesn't talk to me.  Sending him a
super big chat that was visible on the screen
until you finally exploded and started
throwing [ __ ] at us and harassing me but without
holding back.  That's your story.
Okay.  And what has happened is that
time has proven us right about
all the things about your condition of being.
The 240 and the loli's cancer, the
cancer that you also made fun of in
Pilar too, huh?  What did I give you?  You've been
seen, you've been seen and that
's the story, Peppa, that you want to
get with other people to see if the school is
the thing.  Yeah, man, you're going to
talk to Electra, right?  So,
apparently he's going to talk to
Electra.  Yes, yes.  If those people are going to come to you, they're
not going to question you, that is, you're going
to tell them that the 240 didn't exist and they're not
going to question you.  So yes, you're
looking for haters who are going to
follow your lead, but the good people,
the people in the community that you would have
liked to have, our people, the
good people, the people who are [ __ ] to us and who
aren't sick, okay?  The
good people, the 240 of them know perfectly well what
you did, they know perfectly well what you
did with Loli and we know
perfectly well everything.  We have seen you and we have
lived you.  Do you know that you want to
go with the bad ones and tell them?  Yes,
yes, if they're going to tell you yes, that you're
very good and that and that and that you didn't
stay for 240. and and that you are and that you
're not what you are.  There's that person
who says that I was eager to go up,
that I was fighting.  I got into a fight with Beltrán one day
, a day when they were
talking about all this, about all this that I've
been paying for, that for saying a word one day
that I only said one day.  But
to say all of them, to say one day a
word that I only said one day.  Hey, she
picked it up, she was well picked up in
your mother's channel for the whole week
or 15 days, huh?  Yeah.  Your
mother's channel took advantage of that little word
because it was in her interest.  Because he was
interested in what Javi was saying.  Okay,
okay, okay, okay.  What Javi said.
Okay.  Interest.  And I'm so angry, as you
know, and the anger they've put you in,
because when I got angry, I slammed my
fist on the table and said, "That's
enough. Ah, that's enough. If you
want to say something, at least check
WhatsApp."  And say something that is real.
And say something that is real.  Ah, out.
Because I was making a fuss about something
that wasn't real.  Because it was being a
shame.  Don't look away, to
Troy.  Because I was making a fuss
about something that isn't real, at least
to me.  Yeah.  Hey, and we have everything,
Angelito, all this, Angelito, I'm going to
put it.  But I don't know why those
who follow her were there when
all this happened and they are blind, they don't
want to see beyond what the other
tells them.  He rewrites the story as many
times as necessary and swallows it and
there it is.  They don't want to listen to anyone.
Oh, okay.  I mean, there's one thing I don't
understand, okay?  Well, there's
one thing I don't understand about Troya: if there's
an audio recording of you saying that you know she did
n't have cancer and that you covered it up,
what are you doing now that
the two of you are fighting and you're saying
yes, that we're not making it up?  But
hey, what I said, okay?  Peppa, no, Peppa
has a live show scheduled, but about
Javi, okay?  About Javi, it doesn't matter, eh,
any other move.  If your world is
Abi, your world is Javi and you're done with these
stories and such, okay?  because his
world is Abi.  Before watching, uh, before
watching that Peppa barbarity, I
would like to share it with you, right?
Now that we're in this interlude
between Arde Troya and Peppa Pig, they're not getting it
right, okay?  Well, I'd like to
remind you of some excerpts from Troy and
Peppa from a live show where you
both were, okay?  How are you reacting to
Javi's things and all that, okay?  Well,
put on this live stream, okay?  These clicks
that I'm going to put, put it on for you, okay?  Look,
here's Loli Huerta.  If I knew, I wouldn't have
come to see him disappear.  Angel,
Troy is Burning and Peppa.  Yol, daughter, wait,
wait, because in a few days you're going to
see me even without pajamas
because I'm going to show my
mental illness that is in the tits, I
mean, ah, maybe I've taken the
brain from the tits to the brain.  I don't know
if there's anyone out there who's been through the
same thing, it really pissed me off.  It pissed me off.
Besides, I did it twice and now it's the
third time.  Better God.  But since they make you
celebrate the brain like that.  Already.  Hey,
that's just because you have to have nerve
when you look, look at the poor thing.  It's just
wrong.  You don't listen to her.  It's just
wrong.  This is putting [ __ ] on me.   I
don't know if Pepa will remember,
okay?  that I took from a clip of mine
in which I took, uh, that basically
what I was saying in that clip
I wasn't messing with Lolly's face
or with you know that he uh uh there it was
this, this Peppa was saying it over
and over again to Loli, you know?  And the loli,
"What's wrong with my face, Javi? Tell me,
what's wrong with my face? And what's
wrong with your nose, Javi, you son of a [ __ ]? I don't
know what."  That's in the lawsuit.  And that
's because Peppa kept
repeating a clip of mine in which I
told you, man, we don't have to take
what he says into account, imagine, right?
Not this lady, you just have to see her.
Look at her, you know?  Look at her.
I'm implying that this lady, well, there was no
one at the wheel, you know?  Well,
Pepa was hitting him, hitting him, hitting him,
hitting him, hitting him, hitting him [ __ ].  And here
's one of the times, okay?  This is one
of the times in his hatred of Javi
Oliveira, in his obsession with Javi
Oliveira, okay?  In her obsession with
Javi Oliveira because we didn't love her.
have here.  That's her whole obsession
, she came to YouTube with the
idea that here she would have a
salary for once in her life.  It's wrong.
But bad from what bad.  I don't see you, huh?
Ah, well, I don't see myself either.  I don't
have the camera on.  Hidden, no,
because I took a strange little pill there and I
don't want my crazy face to be seen
right now.  This is in a
jelly bean mood today.  Totally like me.  The
pill.  To the band.  The band.  Hey,
hey, so to clear up
Javi's face, so he can tell me what's wrong with my
face, I went to buy one of
these
makeup products today, something for the eyes,
something for dark circles, something.
And the lady at the hairdresser says to me, why do
n't you want it that short?  I say, because maybe
I need treatment so it
's not so big,
maybe I need treatment, I don't
know.  still.  Okay, I don't know at what point I
might need it, so
that it's not so serious.  Mm.  How is?
I have to laugh with her because
look how she takes things.  And
now comes the time to play ball,
okay?  To fill the wallet.  Come on,
look, I have to laugh with her.
Look how things are taken.
The movie is gone.  I say, "What are you going to do,
wick?"  Yes, I'm going to cut my hair for
when I get the treatment, because I already have it
cut.  Sure, man, just in case, just in
case, because I don't find
the loli funny, eh?  The pill, well then
because they don't want to do it any other
way, so when I decide to go
because I haven't gone, well then so
as not to have a
problem.
Again the problem from before, the
next one is with the wig.  Kiss.  Long
live the fine Montía Moriles and
beer.  Kiss, Carmen Reina.  Face
twisting with laughter.  Face
twisting with laughter.  People would say
what face
Yolipanda has.  Uh, yeah, I'm here.
Well, I don't know what I am.  Well, what do you
tell me?  What's up?  You
said you have new boobs.
Jolipandas.  Who is it?  What are you telling me?
They told me you have
new boobs.  I mean, you're supposed to have had the
operation by now, right?  She's already
got her boobs on at the same time as
taking that off, right?  How how cool.  How
cool.  Oh, well yes, but an 8 already.
Um, the thing is, it's embarrassing,
isn't it?  Likewise speaking this, right?  It's
that I'll go to the doctor first and
then I'll send a complete photo
like the one without the one.  No, what happens is
that without your hands you can't put it on,
but well, yes, yes, because Oh, it's
wonderful because before I had
all this from here to red and I had them, they've
removed scars too, eh,
no, of course, to stretch because it was
inwards there were two holes, they were
holes.
Let's talk.  Sure, they were holes,
huh?  Oh, and I don't know, I have nothing now.
Now it is not there, it is not there.  Listen, but
you've had an
impressive recovery, haven't you?  Damn, and so
impressive.  Listen to what the
other one says, huh?  Listen to me, but you've had
an impressive recovery, haven't you?
Come on, look at this one, for example, I do
think she knows it.  I mean, I think,
for example, this man who isn't here
isn't the smartest in the class, and
this woman who's telling him
this about recovery now, I think that those
people, for example, at that moment, at
least believe that Loli has
cancer, you know?  Sure, you've had an
impressive recovery, haven't you?  No, they've had a
hell of a recovery.  Of course, he went to Lourde.  It was a rush,
of course, man.  And as impressive as it is
that they've given him a chest, they've removed
something from his lung, they've put it
on top, then on the bottom, okay?  And
then he starts sending videos of himself dancing to these
people on WhatsApp, man.  And
so
impressive.  I would say that's rather incredible
.  Who?  You of the chest.  I don't even
notice the breast.  My goodness.
nor of breast surgery.  I don't even know
if it
stung me.  I'll save the other one for you.  No, I didn't
know anything about the breast.  It's not that it's that
when they told me and I don't know what a bra
my husband bought me, you
went here there are more people.  It's over.
Hey, Peppa is my friend.  Take.  But a
real friend, huh?  The real ones
.  But my true friend, that which
you will never know.  That is.  And
since we know everyone sends it to him, it's not
like I'm going to cut this one out and
send it to him
.  Since you're writing to me, I'll unblock it
just to use it to send you this.
Notice that you were not only fabric,
no, family, fabric, eh?  Fabric, fabric,
fabric, fabric, fabric, fabric, fabric.  To me,
look, to me, I don't know, let's see,
you're telling me that this lady who
asked him, who told him about the
recovery and the silosene, I'm coming here
half asleep, right?  Those
people believe the cancer thing at that
moment, and I can tell you that I
can think that they believe it at that
moment.  Not later, huh?  Then
when Nuricris leaves on the flight and
all these people and everything starts moving
there, right?  I mean, when
the audio of Troy was leaked,
everyone already knew about it, right?  Now, at that
moment, I'm not telling you that if I
know it, I'm not coming, and the lady would
know it, that is, they would believe it.
Sorry.  Blessed meroteca, Javi.  No, no,
but this is what they've put us
through and this is crush crush.  I
mean, you can imagine how awful what
was being said about me was, man.  I mean,
imagine it's ugly because in the end it's
a [ __ ] daily grind and it's
just out of spite because we didn't
want her here, okay?  Because her
plan was to get stuck here and steal
all my followers, a part
of my donations, a part of my
audience, my visits and my everything,
okay?  And that's what she had, King Kai,
what she was working on here
until we realized and told her,
"You here flan."  And look, I tried to
do it without conflict, right?  That is, because
I always tried to do it without
conflict.  I mean, people think
I really like fighting with
people, right?  No, I've always tried, I
didn't block her, I didn't unfollow her,
nothing, okay?  And she was talking to me on
WhatsApp, is something wrong with me?  No,
ma'am, I don't want anything to do with you, we
're already seeing the perc, do you
understand me?  The thing is, I didn't want to
argue, nor do I have the time, nor the desire, nor do I
feel like it, right?  But every day,
every [ __ ] day, Javi
Oliveira was like, pimba pimba pimba pimba
beating up a poor woman who had
cancer, you know?  Man, please,
man, please, but at
least apologize now that you're saying that
cancer is a lie, at least apologize.
Don't run forward any further.
No, I believed it.  No, no, no,
no.  That's what the silly
Bengo who lives in a bubble and is
asleep and who didn't have one either can believe.  But a
person who has had children, who
has family members to look after, who
is seeing doctors, who does this, who does that,
a 70-year-old person, right?  How old
is Peppa, a 70-year-old person who
is a doctor, who has children, who I don't
know what, who I don't know how much, doesn't believe what she
's saying LOL.  That, I
can probably believe that at that
moment.  Well, you know, I believe it But you don't
believe that, Peppa.  and hours and hours and
hours and hours talking to Loli, you
will have caught all kinds of lies more
than we did that it wasn't true.   You
went along with it because it suited you.  I would
let you know months later when you were on
TV.  Do you remember that, aunt?  What a
catch that is, huh?
This lady's obsession with me is not normal.  And
then there's the fact that I don't know how to
avoid it.  If I didn't talk about
any of them three days ago, about Guindamá.  The
Guindamá, that one yes, that one yes.  That one for
life.  Nuricrill says.  I never
believed it.  Someone who understands a little
recognizes lies.  Well, uh, let's see,
at the moment when she's talking about the
chest there, the lung, man, there in
this live that we've heard, but
at the beginning a lady comes to you that you
don't know at all, just her voice
or having seen her once on the chat and
such and she tells you that she has cancer, well she
has cancer, that's it, you know,
but a lady who spends hours and
hours with her on the phone talking and
telling her every day about her day-to-day life,
of course not me.  And I think that yes,
and something, it wasn't just one thing, it was the
day that Danesa came in, that
Electra came in and that, but they
keep releasing videos and they keep releasing
stories.  Don't talk, you'll see how they don't
talk.  Yes, they do speak.  Oh, oh, you have to
see that now you don't want anyone to
talk even if you don't talk.  Now you
want to shut up.  No, Peppa.  Now that
Loli is saying that you did know,
now you want to shut up.  Oh, okay, okay.
I'm going to say something stupid.  It's clear,
Elisa de la Cruz, that Pepa is
famous, but I didn't know she was that famous.
They are releasing old videos, as
they can't release current ones now.  Ah, since
they can't get current news, they get old news.
Ah, because the insults to Joan Plana are
from this year, right?  Either it or my problem
with my Ari's mother and everything about my
Ari and all that stuff.  That's from this
year too, isn't it, Peppa?  Oh, okay, okay,
okay.  They are being taken out in the past.  It's that
she decides what is current and what is
not.  Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
They're releasing old videos so
they can say whatever they want.  They
invent themselves.  They are inventing, they are
inventing some stories.  What a
character Chi is.  He has
gone too far.  You will not react
to chi's words.  Eh, some things
yes, chobo, not the whole thing, but now we upload
video on the main channel.  I don't know
how much he has left.  They make up
stories that freak me out, but they make up stories that are
completely and absolutely amazing, from fish to peace.
And I say, how dare they
make up stories?  Hey, I've been
watching nothing, one minute they told me you're being
indiscreet with some audios and
such that they say that I, I mean, look, I
no longer have to prove anything, let them continue
lying because this is like
talking to a stone or proving to
a stone that it's a stone.  Ah, well
look, it turns out that today there was this
Ret-bait by a twitterer who
calls herself twittera, and it
turns out that apparently, more or
less the context of what I
got, okay?  So, apparently,
oh, he deleted the tweet.  Oh,
the girl deleted the tweet, she deleted the
tweet.  Look, the post has been deleted.
Well, look, thank goodness
we have it open here.  So, the thing
is, Ret started following this girl
because this Twitter user was saying
things against us.  So Ray
automatically, boom, followed him.
What's going on?  Well, he was
tweeting against us, but it's not like he
wasn't in favor of
them either, okay?  It's not like I
was exactly in favor of them
and Riot says to him and on top of that the humiliation
of publishing here on the follow, right?
On screen, right?  That is, not content
with not returning the follow.  The
humiliation of putting it here on
screen, right?  The capture, no.  Ra
followed you.  Raet, I don't think we're going to be
friends.  Peppa's friends are not
my friends.  Tell him to tell you about
the 240, money they had to
remind him to give to a
cancer charity, and that he's
been playing with the invention of
cancer for money.  And Rae, who already
knows the story, gives Rae what
matters to her.  RAE is about major things.  He
talks to you about bigger things, doesn't he?  For the RAE
240 bucks, no, it's not crap.  No, don't
worry, I'll give you a
[Laughs]
follow.  Don't worry, I'll give you a
follow.  Come on, in the end, the
plague victims, the plague victims are not me, right?
Well, well.  And little else, family.  The
truth is that I don't think
this topic has much further to go.   I
also tell you, eh, to get out, how?   As
?  That is, Javi Canino.  Ah, they
were already going to harass her and that's why they
deleted the tweet.  Okay, okay.  That they
were already going to harass her.  Well, I
don't think this topic will have
much further to go because I don't think
Peppa will respond anymore.  Hey, Rae
doesn't give a damn.  He is going to talk about his book.
Exactly.  Yes, but
anyway, hm, I'll also tell you one thing,
unless some new gossip comes out
about this topic, I don't think
anyone will answer anymore, and I don't
know if they'll answer anymore between them.  Well, family,
I'm going to go to the salseria for a
bit too.  Ah, let's wait a
little while until the
main channel video is uploaded, if you don't mind.
Okay, dead topic, Javi.  Well yes,
dead topic.  I mean, because that's all that's left
, right?  Those who
supported Loli aren't going to say a word,
okay?  It doesn't matter that now Pepa is the one
who says that it was invented.  It doesn't
matter if the one from Troy, the one from Toya is going to
say that the one from Toy is going to say that
well, that it is a kind of
distant cancer, anyway.  Okay, but I think
a little bit more.  Feed the
kids, grandpa.  Yes, I'm going
there.  Let's go and discuss some things, shall we
?  Let's go and talk about things and
stuff, shall we?  Let's see what we
have and see if
the video on the main channel doesn't take too long, man.  Let's
hope it doesn't take too long.  Well, people, the
topic is dead, says Multigamer.  Yes, it is
a topic and a very heavy one too,
right?  The subject is already very heavy.  I
think that if they don't talk to each
other anymore, they don't say anything to each other anymore, there's
no problem, it's over.  The
issue is settled.  Loli Huerta never
had cancer, only calluses and poison
on her tongue.  I think it's
clear, Nuricrin.  I think it has been made
clear and no, no.  I'm telling you, I mean,
if they don't hook up with each other now and don't
say anything else, well, now that
I'm saying this,
Loli will probably come out tomorrow and cause a real ruckus and
start yelling hell out of it.  Guys, I
'm going over there, okay?  A huge kiss,
gorgeous.  Bye bye.
[Music]